Recollections of Hugh Parry. The Welsh have many common names so they use nicknames to distinguish each other.
In Seattle we had many Griffiths, William Griffith Ballard and William Griffith Ward Street.
Then there was a Williams delicatessen and Williams butter and egg because he had a butter and egg stall at Pike Market.
Thomas Evans Post Office, Mrs John Hughes West Seattle and Mrs John Hughes Queen Anne Hill.
We had a lot of Joneses at the church. There were eight Jack Jones and a Jones the painter.
One John Jones was called Johnny Wine not because he was a drinker but because he came from the Wine Valley in North Wales.
Everybody in the Welsh community knew Annie Jones. She was the mother of Tudor Ted Jones who built the Slow Mo Hydroplane.
She was a great organiser of everything and an organist at the church.
She was constantly putting on programs. People would see her coming and run.
But she would track them down and get them to say yes. You couldn't say no to Annie Jones.
In Annie's later years she suffered some hearing loss and to compensate she'd pull the stops out on the pump organ.
If you were unlucky and you screwed up in Sunday school you would have to go up there and pump the organ.
Well, if you goofed off and forgot to pump he would run out of air and he wouldn't play too well.
Annie would have a living fit right there in church. I pumped that thing many times.
Thank you.